Requirements:
-------------
To compile XVFilemgr from scratch you need the following:
   GCC, libc, libm, imake
   XView 3.2
   SlingShot 2.1

Installing the filetype file:
-----------------------------
The XVFilemgr distribution contains a file called "filetype".  This
file is installed in the /etc directory.  XVFilemgr uses it to
determine the type of a file.  It consists of lines with four fields
separated by spaces each describing one filetype.  The fields are

1) File matching pattern like "*.[ch]".
2) Absolute path to a 16x16 xpm file (s.a. Installing the icons).
   You can create such pixmaps using the pixmap
   application.  Do not use transparent background pixels because they 
   will be displayed as black (don't know why).  Some examples are in this
   distribution as well.
3) Absolute path to 32x32 xpm file.
4) Action to take if you double click on the files icon. "-" indicates that 
   no action is to take. "$FILE" is a placeholder for the files name.  This
   field can contain spaces.

You can also have a personal filetype file in your home directory.
This is ".filetype" and has the same format as "/etc/filetype". 

Installing the icons: 
--------------------- 

In the filetype file you have specified the paths' to the pixmap
files.  Imake will automatically install all the icon files for you.
All you have to do is specifying the paths IMAGES32 and IMAGES16 which
point to the directories where the icon files lie.  Normally this is
/usr/openwin/lib/pixmaps or /var/openwin/lib/pixmaps.  If you do not
want all the icons to be installed delete the correspondnng line from
the imakefile.

The files in the icons directory are only needed during compilation.
There is no need to copy them to any other location.

Finishing installation:
-----------------------
After editing filetype all you have to do is to become root and to type
  xmkmf
  make xvfilemgr
  make install
  make install.man

Maybe you want to take a look at the config.h file especially at the
pathes to your cdrom and floppy device and mount point.  The paths'
IMAGES32 and IMAGES16 should be the same as in the imakefile.

If you want to see all the messages of the programs launched by
XVFilemgr, which normally appear on text screen, you can use the
script 'start.sh' provided by Christoph Spiel
(Christoph.Spiel@Physik.TU-Muenschen.DE).

If XVFilemgr doesn't work first check the filetype file.  If all paths
are ok and you think you have encountered a bug send me a mail.  If
XVFilemgr pops up and you notice some other bug use the Credits button
in the File menu to send a bug report.

There is a problem when using other window managers than ol(v)wm.
Sometimes you can't select or change any item e.g. in the properties
dialog.  If that occures put the following entry in your .Xdefaults
file and do a 'xrdb .Xdefaults':

OpenWindows.SetInput:	followmouse

Of course this maybe is not what you want but it is the only
possibility to work with XVFilemanager and a window manager other than
ol(v)wm.  Therefore you should use ol(v)wm :-) 

Christian Koch (root@obelix.shnet.org)
